BEAUTIFUL
SISTER
SURPRIZE !!
SERVIS
Skrattar du (You laugh)
Förlorar du !! (You lose !!)
Hey Vsauce * @ #% here. The rule is simple.
(Swedish)
Will you play my game? Then you have to play after my rules and the rule is simple.
It is not allowed to laugh. Let's start the game!
Do you know what to do by eating spicy things?
ME GUSTA
GUSTA is the best MEME. When it reaches the top of the goal of that point
It is as if it reaches the top of the mountain. ME GUSTA MEME
KA has been down since then. Foolish (STUPID LIKE A BOSS). When people expose expired memes to me ...
What
What is that flurry? YES and do it for him?
What was that awful. Drunk locks the throat.
You break the meme. What is it? What's wrong with you.
They should have been replaced by the noise that makes Yoshi. Can we do that?
How lovely
This is very cool. Is it Final Fantasy?
It's very cool
Let me find it, I'll fly the drunken camera.
We need to find a female rogue
It seems to me he found a woman. Am I right ...
What the hell is going on there. Forgive me, can I see it again, please?
Good, good, very good. Oh bears. The hooves are very crazy. What have we got here, orchestration?
Someone always posts this
Why did someone test this out? In fact what happens if ..
We will conquer ....
It looks like it looks good
Of course.
Okay
I realized 55 years ago. What happened to a friend?
What happened?
I'm expecting a friend. That's why the car is crashing or what?
Yes. I'm waiting for a friend.
I'm waiting for a friend. He's somewhere there.
I do not understand how the car crash happened? What crash?
It has ruined tires and other things.
Well, I am waiting for a friend. Who is your friend? James.
Who is James?
Can I see a little patent to please? NO.
I wonder if James came back.
NO NO. I did not laugh at it. Close your mouth. Drunk got it!
What the hell did Larry David do?
How can you laugh like Larry? Are you okay?
Oh great god, stop, quit with incessant meme. They are not to laugh.
They're strange. They're just strange.
Where's my pistol Edgar. Plus 5 points increase my desire to die.
Thanks to Minion.
Oh i know what this is ....
Have you ever thought about this ...
Because it turned out that it is true ...
You did not think it would be so easy ...
In the full sense of the word why not fade to care less about me
.. superhighway movies at this moment. It's just emotion of the moment.
I do not know why people still see them. You did this okay?
You did this okay? How much to know you did this okay? You know those rumors that come up and say:
YOU WIN
And you think who is so stupid that you will click it. They exist because people click on them, drunken ...
There are times in the world that make these things happen. The same thing happens with EA
Why do you think there are microtransmissions? I bet you think that ah uhh ehh who drunk the pay for that drunk ..
There are people who pay for it. That's why it exists. Idiots ruin everything. I just want a nice Batman movie again.
Ouuu is a snake
beautifully
What, though why is the serpent inside Cheerios?
Do not you hate when you're throwing some Cheerios, and the snake is like: Oh my breath of your cheerios
What do we have here?
You were not known to be a simple person but I wonder ... I actually think I'm a simple person, in fact I'm a simpler person you can understand ..
Yes thank you. That was the talk.
Speaking of real words to a simple man
Look at his face
He is very happy. It resembles that blazer from the movie The Bee Movie
I do not bother you, do not boss. Tell me I'm wrong. Tell me that I'm a bug now
I'm so simple that you can not get a headache, so simple.
Yes, that was a nice question. I do the same question every day.
It could be a wall, you know, they're all there.
This was for this week
Do you laugh or lose? Be honest, open and share the laughter in the comments
You may have understood, the elephant in the room with his cage is gone. I'm bored to give you the news that he changed his life today
I do not know what happened. He just is not with me.
Slipy is not me. I took it as a meme
I took Slipy as a gallant and I did not think I would intend for that stupid frog
But in the end I liked that betkos. I really tried to do the best for her
Although multiple information about frogs is like killing them because they are an infection in Australia
I thought we should close this episode in honor of Slipy
I think he would like this. RIP Slipy. Let's see a Slipy montage on this channel.
Slipy is there ..
Why did I think it was a good idea to get a frog ...